Update ci:packages command and fix figure bug (#295)
BBC-archive/psammead: README.md

This runs Jest across any packages matching this glob pattern: `packages/components/**/*.test.jsx`.

> NB: You cant run the jest tests when the packages are linked locally. Please run `npm run install:packages` or `npm run ci:packages` to reset all links.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NB: You can't reliably run the jest tests when the packages are linked locally, as they may have been linked across breaking changes. Please run `npm run install:packages` or `npm run ci:packages` to reset all links.
```
